we're back with another video and
I bring you today, but a little bit
standing 2016
Let's show a little bit more today.
image of you if she had
other details I 've been observing
this original game spot video is a
party where I got here from the foot of
Brazil and the clash
I will leave in the description the original link
You guys are watching this video.
different from others is distancing itself
the others were in the arena corinthians né
I wanted to show you somebody there.
detail that I've been observing everything else
one more thing two things indeed
He called me called a lot of attention not
Let's give it to you on video is the exception of
diniz but the game is still worth in
some blogs on twitter even on people
that people who went to 3d but the team
knew how to leave a thousand people
to konami but before that detail
on the boards there that shows all the
English along the foot
celebrating 20 years the franchise is legal
I liked it but forgot to put the
internet not think only who will know
because on the internet the first training in
1095 and not put in that of that long
which honors all the Englishmen come
from uniform to light on a
classic right
Law 11 through 2015 and not placed or
internet, our thinking is that neither
of snacks nothing in my opinion
Seroa milk the game cover and period
and this is a law on the cover already aligned
hiring rafael also this face
Robinho very roberta with you account
there were 15 cases of very mask these
things that I've been observing like this
soon to start and dust us but botafogo
At the beginning the game he is still
I read and oppression interviewed people
konami big the game of 55 65 per
cent completed né
Are you working on the mechanics of the game?
according to them and them in graphic quality
graphic detail the same things
they will show more in August in games
with in games we completely have a game
complete room already and I hope to launch
the moon came back to rock in that
it's very expensive
tadeu has come at the end of July to
August face
the ink drop every time both fifa
fishing if you do not have laskoski demo russia
but I think in July to August it is
now, in fact, the demo already comes out
have a basic idea of ​​how the game goes
flow how it works and each
the first goal there, the biggest goal
moved
He looked at the ball and got into google.
netbooks and the sharing of two people
two players on the machine but I feel like
this game seeing him through was thus avoided
lighter but we need it
You do not play well, can not we?
cling landmarks but as you know
seeing how is your good time in the
set right my fear is the control c control v
many things at the foot 2015 in which case
was not warned but the layout things
have to change
the same body will change course but even
but there has to be 20 years of manoel
franchise or be very crazy this game
It has to be very good, bro.
have to be there to make special songs
of the old building
I had several references of the feet
old face in morals dating the month
humans
I will not talk much more about this
Separate syntav video call or motorbike
I really like and I want
when you gather a lot of information you
you are much more complete about this
alloy is a very much bigger question
club on the road to stardom too
we have nothing like I said the game yet
is in beta yet he is not even
demand stadium also launched one
demo there in e3 no, staff is but not
It has nothing much to think at last
accustomed until 2015 the right of play to
team while and believed that they
release some as the title also
special collector's edition
I hope that within this ps there are many
things about the old country each
thing of the hour that you know you have
a lot of cool things on the feet of old ne
In the gift shop pet gift given to me.
I ended up there to take the pet shop
of the back franchise will be very good
the classic also removed urban end
with this guy is the guy can throw can
make time for the world
come back and cling to the game, right?
cards very little I did not like him from
I played small but it's not the best
me but I liked it a lot and had fun
quite 2015
the channel is what it is thanks to the fall of 15 o
Name I have had but I have not played better.
Of course and I 2016 have a few things to do.
They are the best father of all, right?
people complaining about mechanics have not yet
defined or 2015 did not feel pleased with
the foot 2015
I I know do you for your opinion
Wait, I 'm not going to judge
fifa nor the ps for the moment is played in
first have multiple channels on youtube
you are judging feet is also not
fifa is the staff to a great on the side of
inside that has created a great heap
For fifa I stay the position where it is
today I did not like it because the personal hygiene
pulling it to the video plus a video
for the love of God
The master was boris for the video gives a
Zoom is rigid or cameron and messi
they actually do not let anyone play
causing fluid boys giving a psd
fucking rage I really wanted to do
vide fifa but gameplay can not
to do what you have to do to do -
in which my impressions but it is difficult
that it was difficult that the Celtic was one more
break and throw and how to comment and talk
and talk in a hygiene channel and you go
see there and the staff did invited fifa
It's sad to get the order but
also the morning after the fifa tomorrow video
and then seal these people here are
You are favorites and no video signal.
I'm sending a popular salve there.
campo diego com nicolas by gabriel
leonardo by marco by manuel or rafael
vaz pink
the rafael vinicius the pedro e poletti
A big hug to everyone, to a field from here.
Thank you for having had me
share if you can comment favorite
a comment there filling the opinion of
Do you guys want the 2005 foot?
here it was, I went to the canal
is written in